how about friends how are
Welcome to the second season
of marine aquariums mexico
We are very grateful to you for
keep watching our channel and good for
this second season we have already
projects in door there comes to us
the extension of an aquarium for louis
also out there at the end of the year to
beginning
we also have the creation of a
nano aquarium a halo reach and good
we are very happy for all
acceptance comments on this channel
thank you very much for your visits and good
I want to introduce you now we are going to
start as in season 1 we are going to
start with fish for beginners and
we are going to increase the level and I'm going
to introduce a fish for beginners
he is nothing more and nothing less than the
Host in front of your
what is a fish there its tomato
there we can see the couple of fish
clown regularly the females are more
great is that you have the female
to be
about two centimeters one or two
centimeters larger than the male
and well I now tell you
this is not yet a couple but without
place to doubt
the fact that they can live together
together in the same aquarium
these are already very healthy regularly
clown fish tomato for those who already
They know a little of the matter as
they really are demons
some authentic
got damn
many many people try not to have
this kind of fish because it's very
territorial let's see the
behavior if they notice the male
keeps it a little bit at bay
and the behavior
but it is an aggressive behavior
passive
we can say that they avoid the macho
regularly be in the areas of the
female and is very healthy because if you do not
they will be good for nothing simply not
could live in an aquarium of
preference if it is asked to be a
minimum aquarium of 200 liters per
Territory skill of this type of fish
and that the aquarium has enough
rock so you can hide the
another individual can measure up to 10
centimeters in his adult age and good the
favorite anemone of these little friends is
which color or anne moss a bubble
in which you are
and how well we were discussing it
then it is a very important matter
aggressive
me when I put my hand for some reason
to clean the aquarium
or for any circumstance that you have to
I have dropped a stone
regularly the female releases me
small taps with the mouth what
me
indicates is that it is highly territorial
even this female and good the fact that
I told them to live together
with another clownfish tomato because he talks to me
that in the future we could put together a
couple then this is the story
I want to start writing from my
clown fish tomato see well
it is territorial clear as all tomato
but as I was telling you, it is a
territorially in a controlled manner if
they realize the male has the fins
complete does not have a single bite and
they are already living together living here
about two months
If i were
a
very constant pressure because practically
the male was not even alive anymore
and regularly now associates this
territorial activity or we see it a lot
in this video because she is very attentive to
the female knows that when I approach
because I 'm going to feed them and that's what
that is waiting for food and that's why
behaves behaves even more aggressively
what really is
and good if you want to start in
this world with a clown fish I
I recommend the tomato clown is for
beginners if you are going to start with a
Aquarius
This is a good friend to start
and in experience he tells me that they are from the
first clowns that grasp the anemone
regularly clowns per ass
or clark that even takes a little
more in grasping the anemone and this kind of
clowns are aggressive but
well controlled and well studied
they can become a wonder in their
cheer up
and that's great I would recommend that
if you are going to start with a clown fish
tomato
eye introduce
to the couple that is a female more
great that the other remembers that the
clown fish are all hermaphrodites the
biggest clown will become
the female or is the female and the clown more
small the little ones in the nature
are going to be the males once the
female or that the biggest clown gets
becomes a female can no longer return
to your macho stage this is very
important that you keep it in mind
because if you buy a clown
large is likely to be female
can not go back to the macho stage if
you buy two females then there they go
to have problems yes or yes because they are going to
be two females in the aquarium and they go
to be fighting until one
unfortunately lose your life that's the
most important data that they have to have
watch out
with regard to clowns after
there they are very very respectful with another
type of fish for example those of the
damsels that have a beautiful color and
out there
a little fish that I will soon
the token
it's the french angel
and good coexists with the starfish
who already know her
and the brunette that at this moment
it is hidden because there is no food
Well, it does not come out
well, practically everyone would say
data if you want to start with a fish
nice colors and very resistant so you
I recommend the clown fish tomato
as long as you take into account
these recommendations that I make you
whether it is the couple that is one more
large than the other that are introduced to
same time to avoid aggression
future
and good that your aquarium is
mainly from 200 liters and up
so they have room to give
remember that they are species that fast
grow up
and the best thing is that they have a space
suitable for nothing
I thank you for your visits I sent
please your videos
my name is jose luis see you later